AHH!
WHY HAS MY SLUMBER
BEEN DISRUPTED?
Kagemaru: TO FULFILL
YOUR DUTY TO THE SHADOWS.
READY MY VESSEL.
AHH!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Banner: YOU ALL KNOW
YUGI MUTO
AND SETO KAIBA
AS DUELING LEGENDS,
FAR AND AWAY,
THE VERY BEST
OF THEIR GENERATION.
AND BEST-LOOKING, TOO.
THEY'RE TOTAL
DREAMBOATS.
I LIKE
MAI VALENTINE.
BUT YOU DO REALIZE, CLASS,
THAT THERE WERE
OTHER GREAT DUELISTS
WELL BEFORE ALL OF THEM.
HOW IS THAT, PROF?
I MEAN, DUEL MONSTERS
HASN'T BEEN AROUND
ALL THAT LONG.
GUESS YOU WERE ASLEEP
DURING THAT CLASS, JADEN.
THEY USED TO PLAY
BACK IN ANCIENT EGYPT.
HUH.
THAT'S RIGHT,
AND ONE OF THE BEST
WAY BACK IN THOSE DAYS
WAS A POWERFUL PHARAOH
NAMED ABIDOS THE THIRD.
ABIDOS WAS UNDEFEATED.
UNDEFEATED?
THAT'S SO SWEET.
HE MUST'VE BEEN
SOMETHIN' ELSE.
OF COURSE, IT'S
A GOOD THING HE'S
NOT AROUND TODAY,
CUZ THEN THAT UNDEFEATED
RECORD WOULD GO ADIOS.
SURE IT WOULD,
SLACKER,
AND THEN YOU'D
PROBABLY TAKE DOWN
YUGI AND KAIBA, TOO.
YA THINK?
WELL, THANKS.
I HAD NO IDEA
THAT YOU BELIEVED IN ME
SO MUCH, CHAZZ.
IT'S SARCASM.
GOT THAT?
SURE, BUT IF YOU WANT
TO CHANGE YOUR NAME, CHAZZ,
YOU CAN DO A LOT BETTER
THAN "SARCASM."
YOU KNOW
WHAT I MEAN.
HEY, COME ON, GUYS.
YOU'RE GONNA
GET US IN TROUBLE.
WANNA
SEE TROUBLE?
FINE.
HOW ABOUT THIS?
STOP.
HE'S GONNA HEAR US.
Banner: HE SURE WILL.
YOU CAN CONTINUE
IN DETENTION.
AW, MAN, FIFTH TIME
THIS WEEK.
THANKS FOR COMING.
HMM.
I JUST NEEDED
SOMEONE TO TALK TO.
I THOUGHT HAVING
MY BROTHER BACK
WOULD MAKE
EVERYTHING OK AGAIN,
BUT IT SEEMS LIKE
THERE'S EVEN MORE QUESTIONS
THAN EVER NOW,
AND THEN WITH THESE
SHADOW RIDERS,
I JUST DON'T KNOW
WHAT TO DO, ZANE.
YEAH, NOR I...
HUH?
BUT KNOW
THAT RIGHT NOW,
YOU'RE SAFE, ALEXIS.
YEAH.
[BOTH GASP]
[GROWLING]
AAH!
NOT GOOD.
Syrus: I SPEND
MORE TIME IN DETENTION
THAN I DO IN CLASS.
MY MOM'S NOT
GOING TO BE HAPPY.
JUST BLAME SARCASM.
OK! THE JOKE'S OLD!
AT LEAST THINGS
CAN'T GET WORSE.
Alexis: AHH!
HUH?
Jaden:
WHAT WAS THAT?
Syrus: ALEXIS!
Chazz: ZANE!
MUMMIES?
SAVE YOURSELVES.
Jaden: NO WAY.
YOU NEED...HELP.
GIVE US
THE SPIRIT KEY.
MY KEY?
SHADOW RIDERS?
UHH...
HUH?
OHH.
Abidos: DUELISTS...
I HAVE COME FOR YOU.
UHH...
UH? HUH.
WELCOME BACK, JADEN.
HUH?
WHAT THE--
PROFESSOR?
THOSE MUMMIES FOUND ME
AND BROUGHT ME HERE.
THAT SPIRIT KEY THAT I HAVE
MUST'VE LED THEM TO ME.
YES. THAT MUST BE
HOW THEY FOUND
ALL OF US.
HUH?
OHH.
HELLO THERE.
[MEOW]
AAH!
WHAT'S WRONG WITH HIM?
I DUNNO.
LOOKS LIKE HE'S
SEEN A GHOST.
WHAT'S THIS?
JADEN!
HEY, WHAT'S
THE BIG IDEA?
THAT'S NOT
HOW ONE SHOULD ADDRESS
AN EGYPTIAN PHARAOH.
EGYPTIAN PHARAOH?
HE LOOKS JUST
LIKE THE PICTURE
BANNER SHOWED US
IN CLASS TODAY.
ABIDOS.
YOU'D MAKE
A FINE PALACE GIRL,
MY BEAUTIFUL DOVE.
THE NAME'S ALEXIS,
YOU MASKED WEIRDO.
NOW, WHAT'S
GOIN' ON?
HE'S A SHADOW RIDER.
AFTER THOSE SACRED BEASTS
LIKE THE REST.
AND IT SEEMS
LIKE THE PUNK'S GOT US
OUTNUMBERED.
THAT'S RIGHT.
SO JUST LEAVE YOUR KEYS
AND WALK AWAY.
YOU DON'T WANT TO DUEL ME.
I DO.
OVER HERE.
PLEASE PICK ME.
COME ON.
JADEN.
AND LEMME SHOW YA' HOW WE DUEL
IN THE 21st CENTURY.
YOU CAN'T TALK
TO ME LIKE THAT.
TO HIM LIKE THAT.
JADEN, YOU REALIZE,
THIS WILL BE
A SHADOW GAME.
HE'S RIGHT.
YOUR SOUL'S
ON THE LINE.
AND THIS GUY'S
UNDEFEATED.
NOT FOR LONG.
I MEAN, ONCE I'M DONE WITH HIM,
I'LL BE THE LEGEND.
SO GET YOUR GAME ON.
MY GAME IS ALWAYS ON.
NOW PREPARE YOURSELF,
KEY-KEEPER, FOR--
YEAH, YEAH, YEAH.
WE GET IT.
NOT OUR FIRST
SHADOW GAME EXACTLY.
CATCH.
HEY, THAT DUEL DISK
LOOKS JUST LIKE MINE.
ALL RIGHT.
TIME TO THROW DOWN.
DUEL.
LET'S SEE.
FIRST, I THINK
I'LL SUMMON
PHARAONIC PROTECTOR
IN DEFENSE MODE.
NO DEFENSE POINTS?
AND I'LL LAY DOWN
A FACEDOWN.
YOUR TURN.
THEN HERE I GO.
NOT BEFORE I ACTIVATE
THE FIRST SARCOPHAGUS.
HUH? NEVER HEARD
OF THAT CARD.
WELL, AFTER THIS MATCH,
YOU'LL NEVER FORGET IT,
THOUGH YOU MAY WANT TO,
BUT I'M AFRAID
YOU'LL HAVE TO WAIT
UNTIL I BRING OUT
ANOTHER TWO SARCPHAGI
BEFORE YOU SEE
WHY, KEY-KEEPER.
AHH...
TWO MORE?
UH, OK. WHATEVER.
CAN I GO NOW?
CUZ I GOT A COUPLE
A' DUEL MONSTER TRICKS
OF MY OWN
THAT I WANNA
SHOW YOU, ABIDOS.
PUT YOUR MONSTERS
WHERE YOUR MOUTH IS.
OK.
YOU ASKED FOR IT.
HEEEEEEEERE'S,
ELEMENTAL HERO AVIAN
IN ATTACK MODE.
AND CHECK OUT
THE SPELL CARD
HEATED HEART.
NOW A MONSTER
ON MY FIELD
GAINS 500
EXTRA ATTACK POINTS.
NOT TOO SHABBY, HUH?
BUT THERE'S MORE.
IF HE ATTACKS A MONSTER
IN DEFENSE MODE,
THE EXTRA DAMAGE
GOES RIGHT TO YOU.
SEE FOR YOURSELF.
QUILL CASCADE.
RRGH!
UH! UH! HUH?
SWEETNESS.
DUELIN'S NOT
WHAT IT USED TO BE,
HUH, OLD-TIMER?
NO. IT'S MUCH TAMER NOW,
BUT LET ME GIVE YOU
A TASTE OF THE OLD SCHOOL.
I PLAY SECOND SARCOPHAGUS,
AND ONCE THE THIRD
IS PLAYED,
THIS DUEL AND YOUR SOUL
WILL BE MINE.
HMM.
WHAT'S IT DO?
OHH, I DON'T
WANNA KNOW.
NEXT, I'LL PLAY
MY POT OF GREED.
THIS LETS ME DRAW
TWO MORE CARDS FROM MY DECK,
AND I THINK I'LL
PLAY ONE RIGHT NOW.
GO, TRIBUTE TO THE DOOMED.
NOW, BY DISCARDING
ONE CARD FROM MY HAND,
YOUR AVIAN
IS DESTROYED...
AND NEXT, I'LL PLAY
PHARAOH'S SERVANT
IN ATTACK MODE.
NOW STICK HIM.
AAH!
AAH! AAH!
JADEN!
MY UNDEFEATED RECORD
WILL BE STAYING INTACT,
BUT YOU WILL NOT.
DON'T WORRY, KEY-KEEPER.
AFTER I PLAY THIS FACEDOWN,
IT'S YOUR TURN AGAIN,
IF YOU HAVE THE STRENGTH
LEFT TO PLAY IT, THAT IS.
HMM.
HMM?
COME ON.
GIVE US PRESENT-DAY
PEEPS SOME CREDIT.
MY GO, AND I PLAY
THIS CARD.
IT'S EMERGENCY CALL,
AND IT SPRINGS
AN ELEMENTAL HERO
FROM MY DECK
TO MY HAND,
AND THE HERO
I'M SPRINGIN'
IS GONNA BE
SPARKMAN...
AND THERE'S MORE.
NEXT, I'M PLAYING
THE SPELL CARD
KNOWN AS
RIGHTEOUS JUSTICE.
WHAT'S THAT DO?
FOR EVERY ELEMENTAL HERO
THAT JADEN HAS
OUT ON HIS FIELD,
WELL, THEN ONE
OF ABIDOS' TRAP OR SPELL
CARDS IS DESTROYED.
YEAH, LIKE THAT
FIRST SARCOPHAGUS
YOU GOT OVER THERE.
WELL, LOOKS LIKE WE'RE
NOT GOING TO BE SEEIN'
WHAT IT DOES AFTER ALL.
RIGHTEOUS JUSTICE,
DESTROY
THE FIRST SARCOPHAGUS.
I DON'T THINK SO.
GO, MAGIC JAMMER.
IT TURNS
YOUR RIGHTEOUS JUSTICE
INTO A RIGHTEOUS WASTE.
UH! RRGH!
HMM,
WICKED COUNTER.
THAT'S WHAT
I'M TALKIN' ABOUT.
YOU SHOULD BE
TALKING ABOUT GETTING
SOME NEW CARDS
FOR THAT WEAK DECK.
OOH, HE SHOULDN'T
HAVE SAID THAT.
YEAH. BAD CALL.
WEAK? SEE IF YOU
THINK THIS IS WEAK.
SPARKMAN, ATTACK.
RRGH! UHH!
YOU CAN'T ATTACK ME.
I CAN'T?
HATE TO BREAK IT TO YA',
BUT, YEAH, I CAN.
THAT'S HOW
YOU PLAY THE GAME.
READ THE RULE BOOK.
BUT I AM ABIDOS,
THE GREATEST DUELIST EVER.
THE GREATEST?
UM, I'M NOT
SO SURE ABOUT THAT.
TO TELL YOU
THE TRUTH,
YOU HAVEN'T EVEN BEEN
DUELIN' THAT GREAT.
I MEAN FOR SOMEONE
WHO'S UNDEFEATED,
I WAS HOPIN' FOR--
I DON'T KNOW--
SOME SUPER-SWEET
MONSTERS OR
WICKED RARE CARDS,
BUT SO FAR, I'VE BEEN
KINDA UNDERWHELMED.
YEAH. HIS CARDS
ARE HARDLY BETTER
THAN A STARTER DECK.
FOR A LEGEND,
THIS GUY IS A BIT
OF A LETDOWN.
LOOKS LIKE JADEN'S
GONNA WIN THIS ONE EASY.
THERE GOES MY SHOT
AT A NEW ROOM.
Jaden:
YOUR MOVE, ABIDOS.
HELLO? HELLOOO?
I ATTACK WITH
SINISTER SERPENT.
AAH!
AND I WIN ANOTHER MATCH.
OHH!
I CANNOT BE BEATEN.
AAH!
YOU ARE THE GREATEST,
O PHARAOH.
ALL HAIL ABIDOS.
Men: HAIL! HAIL! HAIL!
HAIL! HAIL!
YOU KNOW I'M GETTIN'
REALLY SICK AND TIRED
OF HAVING TO LOSE TO THIS
SPOILED BRAT EVERYTIME.
BUT IF WE DON'T,
HE'LL PROLLY FEED US
TO THE LIONS.
WAIT. COULD IT BE ALL
MY SERVANTS LET ME WIN?
LET YOU WIN?
WOW, WHAT A GIANT
LOSER THIS GUY IS.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I WOULDN'T MIND
HAVING SOME SERVANTS
LIKE THAT.
BUT HIS WHOLE LIFE
HAS BEEN A LIE.
YOU NEVER
REALLY DUELED?
I GUESS NOT.
THEN LET'S START
YOUR FIRST LESSON
RIGHT NOW.
WHAT?
YOU HEARD ME RIGHT.
NOW GET
YOUR GAME ON AGAIN,
BUT IF THIS IS GONNA BE
YOUR FIRST REAL DUEL,
LET'S DO THIS RIGHT
AND DITCH THAT MASK.
THAT'S IT.
OHH.
HUH?
JADEN, JUST PROMISE ME
YOU'LL GIVE IT YOUR BEST.
THAT'S ALL
I EVER GIVE.
NOW LET'S DUEL.
I'M THROWIN' DOWN
A FACEDOWN.
ALL RIGHT, ABIDOS.
YOUR MOVE.
VERY WELL.
I ACTIVATE
THIRD SARCOPHAGUS.
LEAVE IT TO JADEN TO
PEP-TALK A SHADOW RIDER.
NO JOKE.
BAD IDEA.
AND I SACRIFICE ALL 3
TO FINALLY SUMMON
SPIRIT OF THE PHARAOH
IN ATTACK MODE.
SPIRIT OF
THE WHO WHAT?
OHH...
HMM.
[SLAM]
WELL, GUESS
HE LOOKS COOL,
BUT I GOTTA ADMIT,
I EXPECTED
A WHOLE LOT MORE THAN
2,500 ATTACK POINTS.
I'M NOT DONE.
A PHARAOH IS NOTHING
WITHOUT HIS SERVANTS.
YOU SEE, WHENEVER
HE'S SUMMONED,
I GET TO CALL UP
HIS FRIENDS
UP TO 4 LEVEL-2 ZOMBIES
FROM MY GRAVEYARD.
AH!
AND NOW MY DRAW.
NOT SO FAST.
GO, INVINCIBLE HERO.
A TRAP CARD?
FOR THIS ONE TURN,
YOU CAN'T DESTROY
MY SPARKMAN.
THEN I SUPPOSE
IT'S A VERY GOOD THING
I HAVE THIS CARD.
HUH?
I ACTIVATE THE POWERS
OF THOUSAND ENERGY.
NOW, ALL LEVEL-2 MONSTERS
ON THE FIELD
GAIN 1,000 ATTACK POINTS.
NO WAY.
AW, MAN.
"AW, MAN"
IS RIGHT
BECAUSE THAT IS 300
MORE ATTACK POINTS
THAN SPARKMAN,
MEANING
THE EXTRA DAMAGE
GOES RIGHT TO...
Syrus: JADEN!
AAH! RRGH!
YOUR MOVE!
AAH!
SPARKMAN MAY
SURVIVE THE BATTLE,
BUT JADEN STILL
TAKES DAMAGE--
300 POINTS FOR EACH
OF THOSE ZOMBIES.
FOR EACH OF THEM?
BUT THAT'LL BE LIKE
1,200 LIFE POINTS.
THERE'S MORE.
I STILL HAVE
SPIRIT PHARAOH HIMSELF.
ATTACK.
AAH!
JAY!
RRGH.
NOW I THINK I'LL SACRIFICE
ONE OF MY MONSTERS
TO ACTIVATE A LITTLE CARD
I LIKE TO CALL SOUL GUIDE.
IT GIVES ME LIFE POINTS
EQUAL TO THE ATTACK POINTS
ON THE CARD I LOST,
BUT IT'S ABOUT TO GET
A WHOLE LOT BETTER.
SOUL GUIDE ALSO LETS ME
PUT A COPY OF THE CARD
I JUST SACRIFICED
RIGHT BACK IN MY HAND,
AND EVEN THOUGH
THOUSAND ENERGY
WILL MOST CERTAINLY
DESTROY MY MONSTERS,
FROM HOW YOUR LIFE POINTS
WILL TURN OUT,
IT WILL BE WORTH IT.
MY RECORD SHALL STAND.
[CHUCKLES]
WHAT'S SO FUNNY?
YOU KNOW YOU'RE ABOUT
TO LOSE YOUR SOUL.
NOT YET.
IS THAT SO?
THAT'S RIGHT,
AND YOU'RE ABOUT
TO SEE WHY.
HA! HMM.
I SUMMON
ELEMENTAL HERO CLAYMAN
IN ATTACK MODE...
AND THEN I'LL PLAY
THIS HERE CARD.
IT'S CALLED OVERSOUL,
AND, BOY, IS IT SWEET.
I GET TO SUMMON
AN ELEMENTAL HERO BACK
FROM THE GRAVEYARD,
AND I THINK I KNOW
JUST THE ONE--
ELEMENTAL HERO AVIAN.
SO WHAT?
YOU'VE GOT 3 WEAK MONSTERS.
THEY CAN'T
BEAT MY PHARAOH.
HE'LL TAKE THEM APART
ONE AT A TIME.
SORRY, BUT HE WON'T BE
GETTIN' THE CHANCE.
SEE, ABIDOS,
YOUR 3-CARD COMBO
WAS PRETTY SWEET...
HMM?
HMM...
BUT I GOT
A 4-CARD ONE.
HEATED HEART,
EMERGENCY CALL...
THEN THERE'S
RIGHTEOUS JUSTICE
AND LAST,
BUT NOT LEAST, OVERSOUL,
AND TOGETHER, THEY'RE
ACTIVATIN' THIS--
THE ONE AND ONLY
SPELL CARD KNOWN
AS HERO FLASH.
NEVER HEARD OF IT.
WELL, YOU'RE NEVER
GONNA FORGET IT.
FIRST, I GET TO SUMMON
ELEMENTAL HERO BURTINATRIX
FROM MY DECK
IN ATTACK MODE,
BUT THAT'S
NOT ALL, ABIDOS.
NOW ALL THE HEROES
I HAVE OUT
GET TO ATTACK
YOUR LIFE POINTS DIRECTLY.
NOW ELEMENTAL HEROES,
LET'S PUT A BLEMISH
ON THAT PERFECT RECORD
A' HIS.
HERO FLASH.
AAH!
THAT'S GAME
AND A PRETTY
GOOD ONE, TOO.
YOU'VE GOT MOVES.
YEAH, BUT NOT
LIKE JADEN'S.
BIG, FAT,
HAIRY DEAL.
OJAMA HURRICANE'S
JUST AS GOOD.
ABIDOS DOESN'T
LOOK SO HOT.
Jaden: HEY,
WHAT'S THE MATTER?
I USED TO THINK I WAS
THE BEST DUELIST OF ALL TIME,
BUT NOW I KNOW
I NEED A LOT OF PRACTICE,
IF I WANT TO BE
A TRUE DUELING LEGEND.
HEY, ANYTIME.
HMM.
WELL, I WAS THINKING
RIGHT NOW.
RIGHT NOW?
YOU WANT A REMATCH?
NO.
JADEN, YOU COULD
COME BACK WITH ME.
HUH?
J-JADEN!
YOU'RE TOO GOOD
FOR THIS PLACE. LISTEN.
COME BACK TO MY KINGDOM,
AND, I PROMISE YOU
POWER AND FAME.
UH, NICE OFFER.
AAH!
JADEN, WAIT.
YOU CAN'T LEAVE.
SWEET!
SO I WILL GET HIS ROOM.
CHAZZ!
SOUNDS NICE, BUT I THINK
I PREFER IT RIGHT HERE,
BUT, HEY, DROP ME A LINE
IF YOU'RE EVER
IN MY 'HOOD, OK?
SAME WITH YOU, THAT IS,
IF YOU EVER FIND
A TIME VORTEX
WARPING LOOP HOLE OR--
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'LL JUST CALL YOU.
Abidos: FAREWELL.
Jaden: YA KNOW, ABIDOS
WASN'T SUCH BAD GUY.
I MEAN, HEY,
LOOK WHAT HE GAVE ME.
I AM STARTIN' TO GET
QUITE A COLLECTION,
BUT WHERE'S THE SHADOW RIDER
WITH A SKATEBOARD?
I DON'T SEE WHY JADEN
GETS ALL THE FREE STUFF.
PROLLY CUZ I BEAT
A DUELING LEGEND.
OH, NOW HE'S A LEGEND,
CUZ YOU BEAT HIM?
WELL, CHAZZ,
THAT IS WHAT ALL
THE HISTORY BOOKS
SAY THAT HE IS,
RIGHT?
WELL, WE KNOW
THE TRUTH.
HE WAS A SHAM, A FAKE.
Jaden: JADEN THE LEGEND SLAYER.
I LIKE THE SOUND OF THAT.
GOOD, JADEN,
BECAUSE SOON, YOU
WILL GET THE CHANCE
TO TRULY EARN IT.
SOON, YOU WILL FACE
YOUR TRUE TEST.